Update dFusionSpec.md (#14)
gnosis/dex-research: dFusion/dFusionSpec.md

Anyone can challenge a solution on-chain (while providing a bond and an alternative solution) within a certain time-period after posting.
Such disputes are resolved by verifying a zkSnark proof on-chain that checks if the provided solution fulfills a number of constraints (specified in detail below).
If the verification succeeds, the challenger loses their bond and the state is "finalized". 
If the verification fails the original proposer loses their bond and the provided alternative state is assumed correct unless also challenged within a certain time.
In case no-one submits a proof, the verification automatically fails after a certain amount of time.

The reason for having such a bonded challenge-response interaction is that generating zkSnark proofs is very time consuming (much longer than the turnaround time we envision for each batch).
We therefore "optimistically" accept solutions and set a crypto-economic incentive to only post valid solutions.

## State stored in the smart contract

For each account, we chain each of ERC20 token balance together and store them as pedersen hash (not merkleized) in the anchor smart contract.

> This "compressed" representation of all account balances is collision resistant and can thus be used to uniquely commit to the complete "uncompressed" state that lists all balances explicitly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This "compressed" representation of all account balances is collision resistant and can thus be used to uniquely commit to the complete "uncompressed" (off-chain) state containing all balances explicitly. 
```

> The "uncompressed" state will be stored off-chain. All changes to the state will be announced via smart contract events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "uncompressed" state will be stored off-chain and all state transition will be announced via smart contract events. 
```

Furthermore, we store a bi-map of token address to its index `0 <= t <= T`, for each token that can be traded on the exchange.
When specifying tokens inside orders, deposits and withdrawel requests, we use the token's index `0 <= t <= T` instead of the full address.

> As limit orders, deposits and withdrawl requests are collected they are not directly stored in the smart contract.

Reviewer 2: Ben and I figured yesterday, that we need to store the withdrawl information, as we need to do the payouts based on them.

> As limit orders, deposits and withdrawl requests are collected they are not directly stored in the smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As limit orders, deposit and withdrawal requests are collected they are not directly stored in the smart contract.
```

> Doing so would require a `SSTORE` evm instruction for each item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so would require a `SSTORE` EVM instruction for each item.
```

This would be too gas-expensive:
Assuming an order can be encoded in 256 bits, storing a batch of 10.000 on chain would cost ~5M gas (5.000 gas for SSTORE * 10.000 orders).
Instead the smart contract emits a smart contract event containing the relevant order information (account, from_token, to_token, limit) and stores a rolling SHA hash.
For a new order, the rolling hash is computed by hashing the previous rolling hash with the current order.

> Any participants can apply pending deposit and withdrawl requests to the current account balance state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any participants can apply pending deposit and withdrawal requests to the current account balance state.
```

To do so, they provide a new state commitment that represents all account balances after the application of pending requests.
Moreover, as the new state is stored on the smart contract, pending requests are reset.

> When a party applies withdrawl requests to the account balance state, they also provide the list of valid withdraws (in form of their merkle root) which we store in the smart contract inside a mapping (`transitionId` -> `valid withdraw merkle root`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a party applies withdrawal requests to the account balance state, they also provide the list of valid withdraws (in form of their Merkle root) which we store in the smart contract inside a mapping (`transitionId` -> `valid withdraw Merkle root`).
```

Participants can later claim their withdraw by providing a merkle inclusion proof of their withdraw in any of the "valid withdraw merkle-roots".
This will transfer their tokens from the smart contract's into their public address.
In order to avoid double withdraws, we also store a bitmap for each "withdraw merkle-root".
Each bit in that maps denotes if the withdraw has alreay been claimed.

> Participants can provide state transitions that apply pending deposits and withdrawls only while the order collection process is ongoing (the current batch is not yet frozen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Participants can provide state transitions that apply pending deposits and withdrawals only while the order collection process is ongoing (the current batch is not yet frozen).
```

> Since price finding and order matching is a computationally expensive task, we don't want the account state to change while the optimization problem is ongoing, as this could potentially invalidate correct solutions (e.g. a withdraw could lead to insufficient balance for a matched trade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since price finding and order matching is a computationally expensive task, the account state must not change while the optimization problem is ongoing, as this could potentially invalidate correct solutions (e.g. a withdraw could lead to insufficient balance for a matched trade).
```

As soon as the matching of a closed batch is applied, pending withdrawls and deposits can again be applied to the state.

*// TODO state for snark challenge/response, e.g. hashBatchInfo*

To summarize, here is a list of state that is stored inside the smart contract:
- Hash of all token balances for each account chained together (Pedersen)
- Bi-Map of accounts public keys (ethereum addresses) to dƒusion accountId
- Bi-Map of ERC20 token addresses to internal dƒusion tokenId that the exchange supports
- Rolling hash of pending orders, withdrawls and deposit requests (SHA)
- Map of stateTransitionId to pair of "valid withdrawel requests merkle-root" (SHA) and bitmap of already claimed withdraws

> - Current state of the batch auction (e.g. *price-findeing* vs. *order-collection*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Current state of the batch auction (e.g. *price-finding* vs. *order-collection*)
```

## Batch Auction Workflow

The trading workflow consists of the following sequential processes:
1. On-Chain order collection
2. Finding the batch price: 

> tion of batch trading surplus (off-chain)

Reviewer: Something got lost here.....
